You did a great job just now
Vengeance
have revenge
Not greedy for money
Emphasis on love and righteousness
It's really perfect.
Ying, what do you mean?
Do you know how many people climb up every year?
Are we crucial?
People who want to cling to our key every year
50,000 more than that
So Miss Guan thinks
Everything I did today
It's all about performing well in front of you
The key is to cling to you, otherwise?
Miss Quick, if that's the case
I don't need to reply to the key with you.
What happened today
Just treat it as repaying Master Guan's previous affection
We will not owe each other in the future
from now on
The road faces the sky
Penggong walks aside
It's better that we go.
Master Han goes home and takes good care of him
Cool cool
No, something big happened
What!
So the Guan family won't shelter that kid in the future
I want to pay him back 100 times
I want him to be a wheelchair for the rest of his life
Mr. Liang, this bully Xie Jiaxun
It's rare to see
Not easy to find
Now the key has left him alone
Why should we go so far?
Dad can't give him this purpose
This brother will always be my mother's family
This purpose must be repaid
Because Miss Guan is here to repay her kindness
Just to help
If you don't return it, won't you hit people in the face?
What about my legs?
Is that all there is to it?
How is that possible?
In the east
The person who dares to offend our Liang family has not been born yet